[Issues 6606] Add updated slack-guidelines for moderators (#6682)
kubernetes/community: communication/slack-guidelines.md

    -   Special accommodations will be made where necessary.

After you submit your request the Slack Admins will review and follow-up with
any questions in the PR itself. 

> There are two approvals needed. `/lgtm` and `/approved`. Once one moderator give the `/lgtm`, a hold will be placed on the PR using `/hold`. This hold will remain in place until one or more moderators reviews 
> and add the `/approve` label as well as `/hold cancel`, which will remove the hold on the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two approvals needed. `/lgtm` and `/approve`. Once one moderator give the `/lgtm`, a hold will be placed on the PR using `/hold`. This hold will remain in place until one or more moderators reviews 
and add the `/approve` command as well as `/hold cancel`, which will remove the hold on the PR.
```
